<center>
<h1>
server HCS version 0.1
</h1>
</center>

<h1>
Table
</h1>
<!-- omit in toc -->

<nav>
	<ul>
		<a href="#welcome"> welcome</a>
		<ul>
			<h2><a href="#hand_shake">Hand shake </a></h2>
			<li><a href="#password_info">    password          </a></li>
			<li><a href="#hello_from_server">hello from server </a></li>
			<li><a href="#hello-to-server">  hello to server   </a></li>
		</ul>
		<li> <a href="#special_character"> special caracter  </a></li>
	</ul>
</nav>

<br><br><br>

<h1 id="welcome"> welcome </h1>
this is a open source project to learn how to make a small server and client<br>
talk to eche other whit a simple protocol.<br>
not a lot a feture are going to be inplamanted, a specialy for a the first vertion<br>
more is going to be add later, for now i just want somting that work and work locally on the network. <br><br>

later vertion can add online and more securty. if you use that swoftwere is at your risk. read the code if you use a unoficial client, don't share private information the server or client don't use any incrioton.
<br><br><br><br>

<h1 id="hand_shake"> hand shake </h1>
here the base to connect and talk to the server<br>
if you want to build your client your self.<br><br>
all mesasge need to be end whit a "<a href="#new_line">new line</a>" or<br>
the server will keep acumuleting the bytes as one long message.<br>
if the message is longer then {number} of bytes the server whill send error endreset the string to null charecter

<h2 id="password_info">
password
</h2>
fist step is to send the password (duh)
fallow whit <a href="#new_line">a new line</a>.<br>
after taht 

<h2 id="hello_from_server">
hello from server
</h2>

now that the server trust you,<br>
it gonna send you the date, time, name, vertion, and the next step is for you to do the same.<br>
[hello cmd](#hello_cmd) <br>
> 00:hello Mon Jan  5 16:40:10 2026 HCS 0.1

<!-- omit in toc -->
### hello to server
the server expect the same from you now<br>
tell him the same info about you


<!-- omit in toc -->
### server and client comend

<p id= "hello_cmd"> <pre>
00:hello {month} {day name} {day numkber} {hours:minutes:second} {year} {program name} {vertion}
</pre> </p>

<p id= "cmdTmp"> <pre> </pre> </p>

<p id= "exit_cmd"> <pre> 01:exit {reson} </pre> </p>

<!-- omit in toc -->
<h2 id="special_character">
special character
</h2>
<ul>
	<li id="new_line">      '\n' new line       </li>
	<li id="tabulation">    '\t' tabulation     </li>
	<li id="null_character">'\0' null character </li>
</ul>